Sorry I'm late.
Where are the kids?
When I left.
hunter was making love
with his iPad on the terrace
and Tori was ordering room
service like her life depended on it.
I made dinner reservations.
What are you gonna do?
Best laid plans.
- Hi. I will have a negroni. please.
- Sure.
- Wow.
- It's my vacation drink.
I thought too much rosé
was your vacation drink.
Yeah. so I guess negronis
are my "vacation is over" drink.
Reentry's a bitch.
I don't wanna go home.
Hey. we're here till we're not.
- What? Thank you.
- Negroni for the lady.
- Enjoy.
- That's my vacation philosophy.
Wow. Coop. that's deep.
You know that actually
doesn't mean anything. right?
It will after your second negroni.
I may switch to mezcal.
Famous last words.
There will be others.
Last words?
No. vacations like this.
You think?
We're here till we're not.
My god. Make it stop.
Think about it. We've
been very evolved…
Doing something like this.
Easier when we're not
sleeping with each other's friends.
- Hey. you did it first.
- You were charged with murder.
Fair.
- Can I have another one please?
- Wow.
Sí. señora.
Put that down quick.
Miles to go before I sleep.
We're 50. Coop.
Damn.
I really thought I'd have
it all figured out by now
or at least I thought I wouldn't
be starting from scratch.
Listen. this time last year. I
was looking at life in prison.
And we could have lost everything.
so I think we're doing okay.
What you're saying
is. you lowered the bar.
I obliterated the bar. There is no bar.
Let's get very. very. very drunk.
Okay.
Did I interrupt that?
Not at all.
Sitting here drinking negronis.
You're looking to get laid.
- Not my type.
- Bullshit.
I would do her.
Really?
I mean. if that's the case. I
really wasn't prepared for that.
I just… I can rally.
- You know. we're all consenting adults.
- In your dreams.
- I've had that dream.
- Don't let me get in your way.
You're not in my way.
You're not getting in my way.
I mean. you're on vacation.
If that's what you want to do.
- damn it. you should do it.
- That's not what I want to do.
I mean. the kids bailed.
It's your last night.
We managed to make
it through the entire trip
without falling into bed together.
- Yay for us. by the way.
- Yay for us.
This is america.
- Mexico. actually.
- She's hot. you're well-preserved.
Thank you.
And if you wanna get yourself
some. you should get yourself some.
If I wanted to do anything. I
would have done it already.
That easy. is it?
- Yeah. I'm gonna go.
- Where you going?
What just happened?
- Nothing happened. You're good.
- I'm good?
- You say that. but...
- I'm not gonna sit here and…
Cockblock you.
I feel like this conversation
just took a left turn.
And you'd be right about that.
Hey. I got us a table at flora farms.
Do you have any idea
how hard that was?
Best laid plans. right?
There was a moment
when going on vacation
with my ex-wife seemed inconceivable.
Turns out. there was
good reason for that.
But even having another argument
with Mel that I didn't fully understand
couldn't stop me from relishing the
fact that I was drinking smooth whiskey
on the beach at a five-star resort
when I could've been serving 25 to life.
All things considered.
things were on the upswing.
This is what happens…
You get arrested for murder.
You get exonerated.
You get offered your old job back.
but you decide to go a different way.
burning that bridge once and for all.
Which means your interim income
source is now your primary income source.
So. you level up
and mend fences.
Nothing buries the hatchet
faster than a solid revenue stream.
But in a town where perception
is nine-tenths of the law.
you wanna keep up appearances.
Like having an office in Manhattan
to go to work in every day.
Which helps get your
co-parenting back on track.
Let's go.
And now that life is feeling manageable.
you can finally enjoy being single.
Hold tight
we're in for nasty weather
there has got to be a way
burning down the house
which means nights on the town.
And nights spent at home.
Watch out you might
get what you're after
cool babies strange but not a stranger
I'm an ordinary guy.
You couldn't say if it was being
arrested for murder or exonerated.
but somehow the entire tawdry
episode has boosted your social cachet.
Not so much for Sam levitt.
Her lawyer managed to plead her down
to a hefty fine and community service.
She may have gotten off easy.
but there's another
law in westmont village.
And that particular
court shows no mercy.
Life is better than it's been for a while.
The family dynamic is
more or less working.
Your kids are thriving.
And if there are moments
where the simmering pain
of your fractured family still
threatens to kick your ass…
Well. that's where those nights
I mentioned before come in.
And failing that. there's always
scotch and a classic movie.
You're finally feeling comfortable again.
In control. Safe. Optimistic even.
And as you already know
from painful experience.
that's generally when life will serve
up a perfectly aimed kick in the crotch.
Mr. Ashe.
Hi. Reenie Hudson.
We spoke on the phone.
- Hi. reenie. How are ya?
- Hi.
Wow. nice car.
You a car person?
- I mean. not exactly.
- That's small talk.
- Small talk. sorry. Thank you.
- Yeah. Okay. after you.
Hello.
Hi. Are you the listing broker?
- Yes. Samantha levitt.
- Hi. Owen ashe.
You don't look like a realtor.
I mean that in the best possible way.
I'm kinda new to it.
- Hey. reenie.
- Hey. Samantha.
So. Mr. Ashe. should I
show you around the house?
- Just ashe.
- Okay. ashe.
Yeah. I would… yeah. I'd love that.
But honestly. I don't
wanna waste your time
'cause I just feel like there's no
world in which I'm buying this house.
Well. that was quick.
No. it's just too small. Yeah. I
mean. it's… it's way too small actually.
I mean. I'm standing here and…
I don't know. I can already
feel the entire house. you know?
I want something I can get lost in.
And this. yeah. I don't know.
Some of these design elements…
Yuck.
Yeah. I don't know.
I was pretty clear I was looking for
something much grander. you know?
With a lot more oomph. some wow.
- But this place isn't even remotely...
- it's my house.
It's your house?
That would have been great
information to have before I arrived.
I didn't know if she was
disclosing that fact. considering the…
The circumstances.
The circumstances?
What reenie is so subtly referring to
is the fact that my
husband died here last year.
Wow. Well. I'm sorry for your loss.
Thank you.
Well. my wife died eight years
ago. so. you know. I'm in the club.
- I'm sorry for your loss.
- Thank you.
How did he die?
He killed himself.
- What. here in the house?
- Pretty much right where you're standing.
Wait a minute. This is that
house? That whole thing?
Yeah. it made the news.
They arrested you.
Yes.
You're a dangerous woman.
Hey. I've had a couple
brushes with the law myself.
Then I guess we're both in that club too.
I guess so.
Okay. Well. Mr. Ashe.
- we should probably get going.
- Yeah. yeah.
Hey. Samantha.
Why would a broker who
knows I'm in a different league
show me this house?
It's her fluffer house.
A fluffer house?
Now. that's… that's not a thing.
It makes the next houses
she shows you look even bigger
and grander by comparison.
- No. no. no.
- I see.
I like to educate my clients
about the entire market
before they consider a purchase.
Is that something you do?
Hard to say.
No one in this town will give me a listing.
What? Why not?
Right. The whole convicted felon thing.
It was pleaded down to a
few misdemeanors actually.
- That's great. Good for you.
- Thank you.
- Will you give me a minute?
- Sure.
- Reenie.
- Yeah?
Yeah. do you mind if I
chat with you for a sec?
That's a 750s. right?
- Yeah.
- It's a good car.
Yes. it is.
Hey…
I'm suddenly finding
myself in need of a realtor.
How's your day looking?
- Yes.
- Hey. reenie.
You have the listing for
the bisbee estate. right?
- Yes. but this is not okay.
- Can you get us in in about ten minutes?
- Sure.
- Great.
- I was planning to take...
- we're all set.
Nice. Let's take my car.
- Hey. Samantha...
- Sam.
Okay. Sam.
I was just wondering. how many
houses have you actually sold?
Including this one. none.
Great.
I'm Jeff Pratt. with the Princeton
alumni schools committee.
and I'll be conducting your interview.
Got it.
I know your parents
from back in the day.
- Are they well?
- Yes.
- Yeah.
So. Tori. Tell me. why Princeton?
Aside from the fact that
both your parents went there.
That's not enough?
Well. put another way.
what is it you're looking to get
out of your four years with us?
Are you… are you on the faculty there?
- What? No.
- I just assumed when you said "us."
- Sorry. Figure of speech.
- Okay.
There's no need to be nervous.
It's just us talking here.
Well. first of all. Jeff.
I think we should acknowledge
the pro form a nature of this interview.
I'm a legacy kid. on both sides. whose
father has been a consistent donor.
And the reason he's
been a consistent donor.
the reason so many graduates of the ivies
continue to support their Alma maters.
is to make sure there's
a spot for their kids there.
Because. well. let's be honest.
there are much worthier
charities to support.
You all torched the planet
in the name of capitalism.
and now. rather than
try to undo the damage
or feed the hungry or
house the homeless.
you're giving millions to
300-year-old institutions
riddled with systemic racism.
anti-semitism. and sexism.
in order to ensure that
yet another generation
of privileged rich kids will
continue to hoard the lion's share
of what's left of the
planet's remaining resources.
while the unwashed masses
go to war over the scraps.
So. I appreciate you taking the time.
but let's be honest.
We both know I'm going to be accepted
because you all engineered
the system to do just that.
I didn't engineer anything.
Sorry.
Figure of speech.
Also. tennis.
- What?
- I'm being recruited for tennis.
I probably should have led with that.
Now this is what I'm talkin' about!
- How much?
- Twenty million.
- But I'm sure there's some wiggle room.
- I'll take it.
Okay.
- So you're offering full asking?
- Yeah. in cash.
But I wanna close by Monday.
- Monday?
- Yeah.
We're gonna need at
least a week for contracts.
Then you're gonna wanna
do a thorough inspection...
I'm gonna have a whole team
up here tomorrow to kick the tires.
In the meantime. you can
get the paperwork to my lawyer.
Hey. congratulations.
You just sold your first house.
It… what is it you do again?
"We elect a us senator
for how many years?"
Six.
Okay.
Name five of the original 13 states.
Colonies.
New York. New Jersey.
Connecticut. Massachusetts.
Rhode Island. Delaware.
New Hampshire.
Maryland. Virginia.
Pennsylvania. Georgia.
That's 11.
What am I forgetting?
- How do you know all this?
- I watch a lot of jeopardy!
Guess what?
What?
A drawer full of cartier love bracelets.
I'm telling you. every woman in
this town wears like ten of them.
I don't get it. They wouldn't be
caught dead wearing the same dress.
but they all need to have this one thing.
It's like a requirement or something.
You want me to grab you a
couple? They'll never miss 'em.
That's not a club I need to join.
Okay? Just find the pen.
It's in the office behind
the primary bedroom.
North and south Carolina.
- What?
- The other two colonies.
Okay. Now you're just showing off.
It's not in the desk.
Bingo.
Drawer full of pens.
You sure he would keep something
this valuable in a mess like this?
Natalia says he gets
a crazy expensive pen
every time he signs a deal and
then just throws it in a drawer.
It's like some sort of ritual.
All right.
Found it.
The etoile de montblanc
joailliere fountain pen.
With just 15 produced worldwide.
this limited edition is crafted
entirely out of 18-karat Rose gold.
Adorned with cognac diamonds
and a nib that supposedly glides
more smoothly than rimowa wheels.
it's not just a pen
but an aspirational work
of art reselling for $165.000.
I'm not sure what's worse.
That someone pays that for a pen
or that he tosses it into a
cluttered drawer with 30 others.
Either way. a guy like
that deserves to lose it.
- Shit.
- What?
I dropped the fucking
thing. Hold on. Let me get it.
I got it.
Coop? What happened?
Coop?
What is it?
My back went out.
It really fucking hurts.
- I can't move.
- What do you mean you can't move?
- Just get out here.
- I mean I can't move.
I'm lying on my back.
You can't be serious. Coop.
Do I sound like I'm fucking joking?
Shit. Okay. I'm coming in.
No!
My back had been seizing up
ever since Christian's art
thugs worked me over last year.
Usually a cocktail of painkillers and
muscle relaxants would do the trick.
and a few days later. I'd be golden.
But I didn't have a few days.
I had less than two hours before the
people who lived there would be back.
And when it came to
thinking up an explanation
for how I came to be lying on their floor.
I was drawing a blank.
Okay. Shit. We gotta move.
Okay. Okay. Just help me up here.
- Okay.
- Just… fuck. no.
- Sorry. Okay. okay. okay.
- Fuck. fuck. No.
God. you're like dead fucking weight.
- I can't move you. Can you crawl?
- No. I can't even roll over.
- This is crazy.
- Just give me a few minutes.
- We don't have a few minutes.
- Well. then go.
- I'll figure something out.
- I'm not gonna bail on you.
Well. I can't move.
- We're gonna have to call someone.
- No. No.
You can't move!
- Fuck! Fuck.
- Come on. Coop.
- We have to call someone.
- No shit.
Who?
Okay. What the fuck?
I'll explain later. Can you…
can you just please help me up?
You'll explain what you're doing
on the floor of some random house
with Nick's housekeeper?
Elena.
I know your name.
Question… whose house is this?
- The hemmings'.
- And you know them how?
We don't.
"We don't." "We don't."
- "We"? Really? "We"?
- Can we hurry this up. please?
- We need to move.
- Just so I'm clear.
and I'm sorry if I've
misread the situation here.
we are currently trespassing?
- Correct.
- And why would we be doing that?
Okay. They're gonna
be home any minute.
So can we finish up this q and a later?
Q and a?
That's… that's funny.
She's funny. Who knew?
Barney! Please?
Okay.
You grab his left. I'll
grab his right. On three.
- One. two. three.
- Two.
When does your sister get home?
She's gonna be playing for
another couple hours at least.
Okay. Do you have pills for this?
Yeah. Upstairs in the medicine cabinet.
There's flexeril and
Percocet. Please. Both of them.
Yep.
So instead of taking back
your job at Bailey Russell.
a job that would pay you seven or
eight figures annually before bonus.
you're. robbing houses
with Nick's housekeeper?
- Elena.
- I know her name.
- I take it you two are…
- what? No. What?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. Because that…
That would be the crazy part
in this whole fucked up scenario.
I know it's a lot to absorb.
I'm not absorbing anything.
You know why?
Because it doesn't
make any fucking sense.
I mean. if this were some
kind of sex kink thing. then fine.
I mean. not fine. but at least I'd
be able to wrap my brain around it.
But if not that. then-then
what? What is this?
Is this some sort of elaborate.
three-stage midlife crisis?
You know. divorce wasn't enough.
Losing your job wasn't enough.
Getting arrested for murder wasn't…
My god.
Coop. did you kill Paul levitt?
No. What are you talking about?
I don't know what I'm talking about!
My best friend just told me he's
some sort of suburban cat burglar.
I mean. how do you even move
this stuff? Do you have a fence?
No. You know… no.
Don't tell me. I don't wanna know.
Wait a minute.
Coop.
Those guys who beat you up…
Who ran me over…
That was connected to this?
I could've been fucking killed.
I thought we had moved past this.
I thought you weren't
a motherfucking thief.
What a relief.
Thank you.
- What?
- Nothing. I just…
I just can't wait to hear
this meet-cute story.
Do you have a problem with me?
Of course I have a problem with you.
- I have a problem with all of this!
- Don't yell at me!
I'm not yelling at you!
I'm yelling near you!
You're filling the whole
room with your fucking voice!
Guys! Enough! Goddamn it.
I got to get the fuck out of here.
Barney.
- Barney.
- What?
Thank you for coming to get me.
Fuck you. Coop.
Fuck you very much.
Fuck!
That actually went a lot better
than I thought it was going to.
- I know. You can't…
- and they were like… yeah.
Thanks.
Just give us a second. Thanks.
- I feel like they're kicking us out.
- I know.
We do seem to be
closing the place down.
What?
I really can't remember the last time
I enjoyed myself just
talking to someone like this.
I have been exceptionally witty tonight.
- Really? Is that what it is?
- Yeah. I brought my best material.
- So it's all downhill from here?
- Yeah. pretty much.
God.
When… when you get divorced.
I feel like you're so focused on
the act of dissolving the marriage.
you don't think about the complications
that are gonna come afterwards.
So when they finally do come.
they kind of knock you on your ass.
So it's been complicated?
You could say that. yeah.
But you're over it?
I'm working on it.
What about him? Are you over him?
Who?
I am.
Absolutely. And then some.
So you're conflicted?
Well. I mean. the way I see it…
Is if we had known in advance
how complicated our
divorces were gonna be.
emotionally. financially.
fucking logistically…
We'd all probably just give up
and still be in our lousy marriages.
Then where would we be?
- Not here.
- Exactly.
Well. given we are
here. I'm just wondering…
What happens next?
- Wait. wait. wait.
- What? What? What?
- I'm sorry.
- No. It's okay. It's all right.
You all right?
Yes. I'm sorry. I just… I
suddenly don't feel well.
- God. It's okay. Is this…
- I mean… something I did?
I promise I'm not blowing you off.
- Okay.
- I was very much with the program.
- Just… listen. hey. it's fine. It's fine.
Why don't I take you home?
I'm home!
So if anybody's in a state
of undress or making out.
please take the
appropriate measures now.
Hi. baby.
Hey. mom.
Where's Morgan? I thought
you were hanging out tonight?
No. it's just me.
- Hi.
- They got into a fight.
No. it wasn't a fight.
It sounded like a fight.
Well. that stinks.
Who can fight with this face?
I think you might be slightly biased.
Well. according to
Morgan. I'm an asshole.
I will cut her.
How was your date?
I was thinking about hanging it up.
- Yeah? Me too.
- Perfect.
You can live with me forever.
Take care of me when
I am old and infirm.
Okay. But I'm not gonna
change your diapers.
Fair.
We can have a ton of cats.
It'll be great.
Nothing made you more
aware of being alone
than when you needed help
getting your ass out of bed.
My back was already feeling
better. which is to say. it hurt like hell.
And as much as I wanted to blame
it all on that beating I took last year.
the ugly truth was that I had a bad back.
and a shrinking bladder. and
being middle-aged sucked.
The new place is beautiful.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
"A deluxe apartment in the sky."
I'm sorry?
It's the jeffersons…
You remember?
It was a television
show from when I was a…
You know what? Never mind. It's…
Grace is worried about you.
Well. there's nothing
to worry about. so…
We wouldn't be here if that were true.
Well. anyone can have a bad year.
Your business model is flawed.
Your risk is not properly managed.
You depend too much on too few clients.
One of them has a bad year and
it hits your bottom line too hard.
Respectfully.
the art of wealth management
is choosing clients like stocks.
You know. you make educated decisions
based on a wide array of data points.
For instance. Nick brandes.
one of my largest clients.
he just signed a major broadcasting deal.
And what happens if he leaves you?
Or gets hit by a truck?
Mr. Park... you rely too
much on other people
making their money instead of
you making your money yourself.
I make my money…
By providing a valuable
and exclusive service.
I have relationships
across every financial sector.
You don't work hard
enough for what you have.
Says the man who inherited
his business from his father.
And I have no sons to do the same.
- I thought maybe grace...
- she doesn't want it.
She wants it…
For you.
So… so you're… you're
offering me a job?
You don't even like me.
That's true.
Okay then. I'll think about it.
How's that back. Coop?
It's getting there. Thank you.
I'm gonna send you to my man kimo.
He did physio for me
after my knee surgery.
Dude's got magic hands.
Well. I just got a toradol shot.
so that's doing the majority
of the heavy lifting right now.
Yeah. that works too.
It does.
I had a bulging disc a few years
ago. You guys remember that?
Man. I went down the
whole rabbit hole on that one.
Acupuncture. stem
cell therapy. you name it.
I thought my golfing days were over.
When we weren't talking
about finance or sports
or the finance of sports.
we devoted a lot of time to our
growing laundry list of injuries.
We were men of a certain age.
all former jocks in some capacity.
confronting the inevitable
decline of our bodies
through a combination
of concierge doctors.
cutting-edge pharmaceuticals.
trainers. and talking it all to death.
It was just another
club we all belonged to.
Hey. you guys get invited to this
party up at the. estate on bisbee?
Yeah.
Who is this guy?
Owen ashe.
Apparently he made
a fortune on shipping.
Paid asking on the house.
Twenty million. All cash.
- Jesus.
- Wow.
Here comes the neighborhood.
Geez. and he's throwing
himself a welcome-to-town party?
Sounds like a douche.
I don't know.
It's like the great gatsby
or something. Could be fun.
You know how that book ended. right?
Well. I heard it was. Sam
levitt who made the sale.
Yeah?
Good for her.
"Good for her"?
She desecrated the corpse of her
husband and framed you for murder.
Did she? Who can remember?
Well. she knew what she was
doing when she sold bisbee.
She probably split. what.
a million dollars in commission
with the listing agent?
God. She tries to send Coop away
for life. now she's making six figures.
That's america for you.
Yeah.
I thought your guy was
trying to make it great again.
Hey. hey. hey. No politics at the club.
Is that a rule now?
We are witnessing a spectacular
performance by the league's heir apparent.
Dare I say. LeBron and Steph who?
Calm down. greeny.
- Please calm down.
- Yeah. Mike. Come on. man.
Let's see him do what the king's been
doing consistently for 20-plus years.
I don't know. I've never
seen him do a sombor shuffle.
Okay. Then how about play
defense like my guy. kawhi?
That's your guy now?
Yeah. that's my guy.
We're both spurs legends
- with the hardware to prove it.
- Since when do you watch sports?
It's Nick's second week
on air. I'm just checking in.
Let's do the math on this thing.
- Don't forget to carry the one.
- No. you're not.
- It was one season of overlap.
- No. I'm not.
Something wrong?
Nothing. Just keep
doing what you're doing.
There's nothing really
going on down there.
Okay.
Jesus.
Okay. it's okay. Barney.
Hey. Hey. what is it?
Talk to me.
Do you need me to
do something different?
Yes. actually.
I want you to not set up
meetings with your father. okay?
I keep seeing his smug.
condescending face.
It makes it hard to have
sex with his daughter.
I was just trying to help.
And since you asked. less
pressure on the balls. okay?
A little goes a long way down there.
Goddamn it.
I remember.
I remember don't worry. worry
how could I ever forget?
It was the first time
the last time that we ever met
and I know the reason
why you keep this silence up
up. up no. you don't fool me
'cause the hurt doesn't
show but the pain still grows
it's no stranger to you and me.
I'd been feeling a little bit off. but
then when he tried to. you know…
- Yeah?
- Get in there.
That's when I knew.
Menopause.
Yeah.
Keep this in your purse.
Especially if you're gonna keep
hooking up with random guys in cars.
I don't understand. You just
carry lube around with you?
Yeah. you gotta be prepared.
And on my meds. it's just…
It makes it. like. drier than
death valley down there.
As much as I'd like to
hear more about that.
I texted you because one of
the music teachers from Mayfield
got a touring gig and is leaving
for the rest of the semester.
and they need a replacement.
I'm not a teacher.
Yeah. you're a professional
musician. which is even better.
No. I don't know.
'Cause on my best day. it's like…
You wouldn't necessarily
call me Mayfield material.
And that is not a bad thing. 'Cause ew.
You said you wanted
more independence.
Speaking as a therapist...
an unemployed therapist.
- By choice.
- Really?
I'm actually writing a book.
What's it about?
No. don't try to do that.
We're talking about you and
independence. which requires confidence.
And confidence comes from activation.
You're doing so great.
You're staying on your meds.
you're regulated. you're
showing up to work.
Don't you think you're
ready for a new challenge?
Besides. you're never
gonna get your own place
based on what they pay you here.
Well. I thought I would just marry
rich. you know. like everyone else does.
Yeah. that's a much better idea.
Just do me a favor and don't mention
the perimenopause thing to Coop.
It's nothing to be ashamed of.
No. I know.
I just feel like.
I'm getting older and he's just
getting better and better looking.
Hey. Barney. It's Coop. Again.
Thought maybe I'd run into
you at the club. but no dice.
Give me a call. We should probably talk.
Yes. that sounds great.
Yeah. and I just wanna make sure
you're aware that I have no
formal teaching experience.
You have? That's nice.
Yeah. I play there four nights a week.
Yeah. great.
Yes. I will be there.
Okay. Bye.
What was all that about?
That was about me
being a music teacher.
Guitar lessons?
No. They're looking for an interim teacher
at Mayfield till the end of the year.
Mayfield? You've never taught before.
That's what I said.
But Mel already went
to the head of school.
and apparently she's seen
me perform at the tap. so…
I got an interview.
Wow. that's great.
You look nice. Where
you going? Got a hot date?
No. Party.
Anyone I know?
No. In fact. no one I
know. Do you wanna come?
Can I wear this?
- No.
- Then no.
- Are you sure?
- Yes. Hard pass.
One of us is gonna regret it.
Well. probably you.
No. it's probably gonna be you.
Well. no. it's gonna be you.
Mostly you. Bye.
Bye!
It's gonna be you.
This place is incredible.
I mean. the juxtapositions
are really thoughtful.
The plaster. the flooring. the
fixtures. it's all the original masonry.
How you doing? Hi. hi. hi.
So has anyone seen
our host for the evening?
Dying to meet him.
He's gonna be bald and ugly.
You saw him?
No. but he's gotta be
compensating for something.
Yeah. having too much money.
Mel. has Tori heard from Princeton yet?
- Any day now.
- That must be so nerve-wracking.
You have no idea.
What about Chelsea. Jules?
Chelsea went with
early decision at Duke.
It's not what Brad and I would've chosen.
but they have a great tennis
team. and it's what Chelsea wanted.
That's good.
- Wait. is that him?
- Lovely to meet you. Enjoy yourselves.
- Plenty of bars.
- Wow. Thank you.
- Hey. How's it going?
- That's him.
You were right. suze.
He's really ugly. isn't he?
I wouldn't kick him out
of bed for eating crackers.
That's not what he'd be eating in my bed.
Yeah. get it.
I bet he has a very small dick.
Absolutely.
Ladies! Welcome.
Welcome. welcome. welcome.
Owen ashe. My friends just call
me ashe. Thank you for coming.
Your house is stunning.
Thank you.
It has to be to compensate
for my very small dick.
Right?
Oops.
- That was… - sorry.
- Yeah. that's… no worries.
Okay. okay. What's your name?
- Kat resnick.
- Kat. very nice to meet you.
Excuse me. Enjoy yourselves. please.
I'm really looking forward
to getting to know all of you.
Sam! You made it.
The place looks great.
How did you do all this so fast?
How did I do all this? I have a team.
- Of course you do.
- Come on. let's get you a drink.
Thanks. but I just wanted to
stop by and congratulate you.
I'm not staying.
What? What do you mean you're
not staying? Of course you're staying.
You're my only friend
in westmont village.
You can't leave me with
all these people. Come on.
These people will love you.
but I just don't have it in me
to deal with all the withering
mean girl stares tonight.
They don't love you.
I burned some Bridges.
Well. take it from someone who's
elevated bridge burning to an art form.
there's always another way across.
- Come on. one drink.
- No. Yeah. I'm gonna go.
Are you sure?
No.
- Door.
- Thank you.
- God. Sorry.
- Sorry.
Hi.
Don't worry. I'm leaving.
I wasn't worried.
Imagine my relief.
You haven't said anything
about the meeting with my father.
The man just cannot
hide his disappointment.
In you?
In you. For marrying me.
No. that's just his face.
Did he get into any specifics?
Why are you pushing this so hard?
No reason. No reason.
But also…
In completely unrelated
news. I'm pregnant.
You…
Are you sure it's…
It's mine. right? I…
Does it…
Does it feel like a boy?
Get me the fuck away from this fish.
- I can't. I can't.
- Okay.
Hey.
- Hi. guys.
- You think that what?
Can I borrow her for a second?
- Sorry. Yeah. just…
- good luck. - Hi.
Question…
Why didn't you tell me about
this teaching thing at Mayfield?
You're not a musician.
Ali is not good with that kind of schedule.
How do you know?
She's been doing great. hasn't she?
Yes. and I would like
her to keep doing great.
She's not a child. Coop.
She's a 40-year-old woman who'd
like to do something with her life.
She's gonna screw this up.
Maybe. And maybe you have to let her.
You should've come to me first.
Stop trying to parent her.
Just be her brother.
Thank you for that completely
unsolicited piece of advice.
Jesus.
Okay. Wow.
Well. she seemed delightful.
To everyone else but me.
Owen ashe. I presume.
- Ashe. please.
- Wow. nice to meet…
Andrew Cooper. Coop.
Coop. Your reputation precedes you.
Wow. Well. I suppose
that's my cross to bear.
Cross to bear? Hey. take it from me.
it's those experiences.
the ones that challenge you.
and threaten you. and… humiliate you
that ultimately make
your life worth living.
Otherwise we'd all medicate
ourselves into bored oblivion
until there's no reason to get our
catatonic asses out of bed anymore.
Hey. you were arrested for murder.
I mean. how many
people can claim that?
- Most murderers.
- Right.
So is there a Mrs. Ashe I
should be saying thank you to?
No. No.
Divorced?
Widowed.
Jesus. I'm so sorry.
- No. Thank you. thank you.
- God…
It's been eight years
and I miss her every day.
But I'll tell you something. that
woman. she taught me how to live.
Well. what is it you do for a living?
I'm in import/export.
Freight consolidation.
What about you? I assume
you're in some kind of finance.
Yeah. I run a small family office.
That's suitably vague.
Kind of like import/export.
Hey. you're empty. We can't have that.
Can we get two whiskeys
here. please? Good stuff.
Thank you. thank you.
I've seen that look.
- You have? So you got one?
- Yeah. I got one of those.
- Yeah. that's a tough one.
- At least it gets worse.
Something to look forward to.
You gotta let me geek out for a
second. I used to love watching you play.
- Your form… listen…
- no.
…every line. every movement. your
shot was a fucking thing of beauty.
- Thanks. man. I appreciate it.
- It was.
And I joined your gym. by the way.
You got a great thing going on there.
I love the vibe. It's a great package.
Are you opening more?
We just closed on the
financing for two new locations.
Two new locations? You gotta
be thinking bigger than that.
Look. if you don't mind me saying.
you're having a moment right now.
You're a beloved athlete.
You're on television.
I saw the new segment. "off brandes."
It's fucking great. You're gonna blow up.
As for the gym. I mean. fuck the banks.
You don't wanna have to deal with
those shitty covenants. I'd invest in you.
In your brand. We could be opening
40 strong-ass gyms by next year.
I'll get you up to 250 the year after that.
- Shit.
- Yeah.
- What. am I going too fast?
- A little bit.
- It's okay.
- Okay. okay.
I get carried away. I get excited.
- You're gonna have to stop me. Listen.
- I'm here for it. though. I like it.
I know how to do this.
I have the resources.
If you wanna go national.
just give me a call.
I'd love to get involved.
Hey. man. I'm always open
to a new business opportunity.
I know it. Go check out my bathrooms.
I got 15 toilets in this place.
and they're all your luxos mts.
- Stop it.
- Every one of them.
Hey. a man after my own heart.
That's great timing actually
because. nature's calling.
To more strong-ass gyms.
To more. Many more. More than two.
- Come on. come on. Go big.
- Yeah.
I'm going big.
- We haven't officially met.
- Hey.
Barney choi. I manage Nick's money.
as well as a handful of other
high net worth people out here.
Happy to help with
anything you might need.
Hey. great. Always one-stop
shopping around here. I love it.
Barney. is it?
Yeah. well. give me a little
time to get my bearings.
and you and I should have dinner.
I've been looking for
some new opportunities.
- I'm your man.
- Great.
Go ahead go ahead
go ahead go rock back
get that go ahead go
ahead. now baby. go ahead
you got it you got it go ahead that's it
you got it go ahead
go ahead go ahead
right gotta dance with her ass out
from the front to the back. now
from the side to the side. now
to the other side rock now
out of breath real quick now.
Hey. Where's Lisa tonight?
You know. she's taking
selfies in Milan. or Paris. or…
Still?
Yeah. Turns out fashion
week is not actually a week.
Hey. sweetheart. can you
please get me another cocktail?
Or maybe it's time we called it a night.
Gordy. you get me another drink.
I'm not getting involved.
Fine. I will get it myself.
Diane. come on.
- Okay. No. No!
- Let's get you home.
Diane...
There comes a moment at every soiree
when it falls upon the host to
decide if the night has ended…
Or if it's just beginning.
Everybody in!
Yeah!
Turn up the music!
What is going on?
Thought we were fighting.
We're not fighting.
But if we were fighting. you would…
- No. Coop. No. Coop.
- …You would lose.
- No! No!
- Yes.
- Coop. you're gonna...
- bye.
You've been avoiding me.
It was a lot to process.
Yeah.
Why didn't you take
your job at Bailey back?
The truth is. I don't really know.
I… I accepted the offer.
and I'm pretty sure I
meant it when I said it.
But something happened to me
when I walked outta that building.
I just thought that if I took that offer.
then everything would go
right back to the way it was.
That I would go right
back to the way I was.
And you didn't like the way it was?
I thought I did.
Turns out I didn't.
Well. this all sounds very existential.
I don't know if it's profound
or you're just swallowing
your own bullshit.
but either way…
I want in.
What? Why?
'Cause fuck my father-in-law.
Okay.
Grace is pregnant.
- Wow.
- Yeah.
Congratulations.
Barney getting involved
was a terrible idea.
But that night. as we sat
in our drenched clothing.
happily wasted on a
stranger's top-shelf booze.
watching our friends and neighbors party
like they were living in an f.
Scott Fitzgerald fever dream.
For the first time in a while. the
future seemed. well. promising.
And maybe it was the
painkillers mixing with the booze.
or maybe it was sheer stupidity.
but in that moment. I was
just drunk enough to believe it.